# MCA-final-year-project
project description
The world is moving closer to self-driving cars these days, where smart sensors just need to make decisions to steer clear of potential hazards like potholes and pedestrians. Similarity distance was used by sensors to recognize objects, but this method was found to be inadequate. In order to demonstrate its accuracy in nearly every field, including medical image illness identification and classification, roadside traffic detection, and many more, the author of this research uses deep learning algorithms that are based on images. Therefore, sensors by themselves are insufficient to accurately detect pedestrians during the day or at night. Cameras that are appropriate for millimeter wave (MMW) radar data and infrared vision information will be placed. The enhanced YoloV5 model will be used to extract and classify picture features. The YoloV5 model is modified to include the Attention Squeeze layer. To precisely locate or detect pedestrians, an Extended Kalman Filter will be used. The localized picture characteristics will then be fed into an enhanced YOLOv5 for detection. Therefore, YoloV5 was enhanced to detect pedestrians with high likelihood and accuracy by utilizing the aforementioned attributes. The performance of the suggested enhanced YoloV5 method has been compared by the author with that of Faster RCNN, the current YoloV5, and numerous other algorithms. I currently employ a quicker RCNN because training all the existing algorithms may take longer. The author has altered YoloV5 in the proposed work; however, they haven't tried with additional advanced YOLO family versions like Yolo6, 7, or 8. As an extension, I use Yolov6 to train the same dataset, and it produces predictions with higher accuracy than Optimized Yolov5.
